Changelog 171 (#152)
intellij-rust/intellij-rust.github.io: _posts/2022-05-30-changelog-171.markdown

---
layout: post
title: "IntelliJ Rust Changelog #171"
date: 2022-05-30 13:00:00 +0300
---

This is the last release that supports the 2021.3 IDEs. To receive plugin updates further, please upgrade
your IDE to 2022.1.

## New Features

* [#8839] Provide builds for 2022.2 major release

> * [#8828] Implement [unsized coercion](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/type-coercions.html#unsized-coercions) in type inference. This fixes false-positive errors like type mismatch between `Box<[u8]>` and `Box<[u8; 4]>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#8828] Implement [unsized coercion](https://doc.rust-lang.org/reference/type-coercions.html#unsized-coercions) in type inference engine. In particular, this fixes false-positive errors like type mismatch between `Box<[u8]>` and `Box<[u8; 4]>`
```

## Fixes

> * [#8835] Type inference fixes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#8835] Type inference improvements:
```

>   * Fix lambda parameter type inference. This fixes a case where a lambda is assigned to a variable and types on lambda parameters should be inferred later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Infer closure parameters types when a closure is assigned to a variable and parameters types should be inferred later
```
